docs: config value mappings wording improvements (#67128)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-value-mappings/index.md

In addition to field overrides, value mapping is a technique that you can use to change the visual treatment of data that appears in a visualization.

> When values are mapped using value mappings, they are not formatted using the configured unit. This means that a text value mapped to a numerical value is not formatted using the configured unit.

Reviewer: We should avoid passive voice. Does this work?

```suggestion
When you use value mappings, the mapped values are not formatted using the configured unit. This means that a text value mapped to a numerical value is not formatted using the configured unit.
```
